[Scheduler] Document hashed Cron expression (#19441)
symfony/symfony-docs: scheduler.rst

    RecurringMessage::cron('* * * * *', new Message());

.. tip::

    Check out the `crontab.guru website`_ if you need help to construct/understand
    cron expressions.

You can also use some special values that represent common cron expressions:

* ``@yearly``, ``@annually`` - Run once a year, midnight, Jan. 1 - ``0 0 1 1 *``
* ``@monthly`` - Run once a month, midnight, first of month - ``0 0 1 * *``
* ``@weekly`` - Run once a week, midnight on Sun - ``0 0 * * 0``
* ``@daily``, ``@midnight`` - Run once a day, midnight - ``0 0 * * *``
* ``@hourly`` - Run once an hour, first minute - ``0 * * * *``

For example::

    RecurringMessage::cron('@daily', new Message());

Hashed Cron Expression

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Author: I want to make a sub section, which char should I use ?

Reviewer: We use the `...........` separator for those sections. I did this while merging your PR.

If you have many trigger scheduled at same time (for example, at midnight, ``0 0 * * *``)

> this could create a very long running schedule right at this time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
this will create a very long running schedules list right at this time.
```

> This may cause an issue if a task has a memory leak.

Author: I don't like this sentence. Maybe we should talk about real use case.
If I remember fabpot talk about email campaign

Reviewer 2: what about writing bottle neck like lot of I/O, memory spike, etc etc?

You can add a ``#``(for hash) symbol in expression to generate random value. The value
is deterministic based on the message. This means that while the value is random, it is
predictable and consistent. A message with string representation ``my task``

> and a defined frequency of ``# # * * *`` will have a calculated frequency

Reviewer 2: does "calculated" means "idempotent" ?
